what
and
all right all right okay all right why
start before I start hit I did
come on wait all right okay here's what
I'm gonna do
all right I'm gonna
all right
I'm going to tell you some stuff I'm
going to tell you some something when I
tell you this you're gonna say yourself
how II can't be all right boy listen to
this all right let's do this before I
get before I came here tonight I went to
a restaurant right and and I ain't
dinner there because the guy in the
front doors and no volleyball what what
what are you laughing at what are you
laughing at so we're local my hips are
not weird so weird
this is I got the ordering on my hips
anyways the restaurant the restaurant
was one of those revolving restaurants
but it was revolving it like 80 miles an
hour there are no tables or chairs or
just such a wall who is going by let's
put some water on me to dry right away
it was fun listen to this it was a lot
of fun but leaving was a bitch she was
like
Oh
okay listen to this then I went I went
to another restaurant right and I know I
was at another restaurant because I
asked the waiter I said we're at mine he
said you're at another restaurant and I
said shit I was supposed to be here for
dinner and then boy he has been
happening with it was one of those
themed restaurants it with it's called
the Winky room and the whole restaurants
like a giant Ouija board and you just
sit at your table and you think about
shitting your table for
listen what happened I was at the
restaurant and when I was he okay knew
when the waiter came I said who looked
the winner King
that makes a nice hollandaise sauce
and you right then here's what I did
we've got cocaine you gotta try this
doesn't mean tradition alright you gotta
try this when the end this is what I did
I ordered a chicken and an egg right
because I just wanted to see what would
come first
everybody everybody see everybody come
here from it every me what's your name
what's your name what's your name
boy what do you do for a living I'm a PA
system
what are you doing Kelly you work for
her dad oh that's good
so you don't really love her
in fucking for a job
what do you do burn dad my fuck his
daughter
I got a job for you
see Lisa in the other room what do you
do
he's a cabinetmaker really and what is
your job
sweep it up you sweep up her cabinet
mate so he saw and then he'll go sweep
this up now go home and fuck my daughter
are you married you know I'm married how
long you been going out person
what's your name
on the fire symbol
my mmm and what do you do Mike I don't
understand what do you do
torn ties except like there's like a
look you got your own language it's like
being in Europe it's like my show just
went to Europe I don't understand what
you drew you're talking about what do
you know seven you're talking to
somebody it doesn't speak the language
what do we do we talk louder and slower
right where's the bus
where is the bus is it the other way
around somebody comes up tne goes Linden
cut the humor and you watch sorry I
don't understand she goes